1. Introductory
1) You better read this Privacy Policy carefully, although nothing in your life depends on it. We recommend you to read it if you wonder what your lawyers wasted their time for. This Privacy Policy constitutes the integral part of the agreement between you (also, the "User") and us, Alex Kozack (also, the "Company"), located somewhere in the universe at the address: Chernovol street, 19, Kyiv, and together with other documents that you would never read (like Terms of Use, Cookies Policy etc.).
2) When we say "us" we mean our Company, who is forced to draft something about your privacy by GooglePlay. When we say "you" we mean the User of our Foxy bot (also, the "Service"), who by the way doesn’t care about his privacy either. This is you who clicks all necessary check boxes blindly. Let us explain you, what you do by that clicking and why you shouldn’t sue us for using your Personal Data.
Your Personal Data includes any data about you that let us know who are you. Widely, don’t you think? We think so too.
3) You can use our app without any registration and smth else. Sadly, it sounds like you don't make any difference to us. Trust us, you do.

2. Collection
1) If you’re not from Mars, you have Facebook account (if you are, register with our Service only; although we would recommend you to change or die). You may connect Facebook account to our Service, and this will irritate you again, making you tick more boxes provided by Facebook. You agree. You accept. You don’t mind. You have read their privacy policy. You don’t give a fuck, whatever. Let them do what they want. But remember: we have nothing to do with it.
2) Be proud of who you are. You’re beautiful. We’re looking you in the eyes and telling you how beautiful you are. But we do not collect your Personal Data since you do not provide us such data even via the contact form on our Service.
3) We do not use cookies or other similar technologies to collect your Personal Data. No magic for you. Sounds like we’ve got nothing for you.

3. Use
If the miracle happened and we collected your Personal Data. What’s next? Well, we will blackmail you till the end of your days, fellow. Just kidding. We will hide it carefully, as it was a cigarette in our pocket in seventh grade. Believe us, we have clear purposes (except for blackmailing):
– To provide you with our services in such a way so that you would rate our Service with 5 stars;
– Let you kick our support’s ass (should you find how);
– To know who you are and what made you choose our Service among those others (except for the fact that we are the best);
– To punish you when you act like a bad guy (you know safety words, right?);
– To protect our ass from danger.
We don't care about our marketing, so we won't send you any marketing e-mails. Good for us, don't you think? Do you sad? Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.

4. Disclosure
1) We do not usually let people know anything about you. However, some guys we cannot say nay (like law enforcement agencies, judges etc.). Believe us, you would do the same if you saw them. We will share your Personal Data if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the Personal Data is reasonably necessary to:
– meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
– enforce investigation of potential violations;
– detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
– protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
2) If we want to sell our Company, you'll be the first to find out. And don't be afraid, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Data.
3) We haven't any payment option in our App. Yes, we don't want your money.

5. Third parties services
1) As a rule, if you are pretty, we do not sell, provide on lease, or share any Personal Data of the Users to third parties.
2) You click this and that, and are we to blame? Think what you click before you do that. We may have some links prepared for you, but we put all responsibility on you. Because we can.
3) Third parties have their third-parties’ services in their secret third-party world we are not engaged into. They collect your Personal Data too, be sure. And they may use it as they want. But they put all responsibility on you. Because they can too.

6. Data storage and security and cross-border transfer
1) We already told you, that we will cherish your Personal Data as the apple of our eye. Let us repeat. We will cherish your Personal Data as the apple of our eye. We will, because if we don’t, GooglePlay is gonna punish us (with no safety words applied).
2) You might also wonder, where do we store your Personal Data. Although who are we kidding? You don’t care. But we do, because – see the previous paragraph ;). So, here is what: we may store it in your home country or not. And if not, that’s probably because you are Ukrainian and we are not kamikazes.
3) By the way, we are not responsible for anything happening with your Personal Data during its transfer. Because we are not gods (although who are we kidding − our Service is heaven born!). We also believe in demon spirits (read, hackers). You know the right spells, we hope.

7. Children's privacy
1) We love kids. But keep them away from our Service. They would like to provide us with their Personal Data. Here is what: we don’t want to know!
2) While too young individuals may use the Service, we would kindly ask their actions to be approved by a parent or legal guardian.

8. Cookies
1) We do a lot of things to make our Service work as we want. We even put some tracking technologies on your device (with your permission, of course). You better read this section/separate policy. Repeat actions make perfection.
2) Don’t think bad of us. We collect your Personal Data automatically for certain purposes:
– To see what you, little pervert, do with our Service;
– To help you do it, if you are cute;
– To recommend you some other services you may want to never see again;
– Etc.etc.etc.
3) If you don’t like this behavior of ours, use your browser/device to make us stop. May the Google be with you!

9. Amendments to Privacy Policy
1) You wanna hear the best part? If you are from those geeks who has just read this Privacy Policy, it doesn’t matter. We may do whatever we want with it. And we are not gonna tell you what we did. If you are geek enough, you will read it again, right? Just try to develop a little paranoia in you and check whether we alter something every day. Kidding. Every month. Kidding. We will not tell you, how often we will do it. Let it renew the spark in our relationships. Let it make you want to contact us.

10. Contact info
1) We love when you contact us. Do it. How? Those who have goals see no obstacles! We love receiving many letters here: kozackunisoft@gmail.com. But our support geeks will ignore all your letters. Kidding. Not all.
2) Thank you for using our Service. And for being the geek reading this Privacy Policy to the end. ;)